De Grandeur Hotel and Banquets, Thane West, Mumbai was previously known as Hotel Blossom and is an ideal venue hosting all kinds of functions like birthdays, anniversaries, pre-wedding functions, weddings, and reception ceremonies. This venue is home to multiple banquet halls, makes a perfect place to host multiple events at the same time. These banquet halls are suitable for intimate to midsize to large gatherings without any hassle. The staff at this venue are professionals and skilled in their respective job, they make sure your function is executed well. Treat your guests with a royal feast of multi-cuisine delicacies to choose from in both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food. De Grandeur Hotel and Banquets, Mumbai allows you to get your own caterer from outside to serve your favorite cuisines to your guests. The decor team takes care of the decoration for your big day.
De Grandeur Thane serves alcohol to their guests and also allows you to get it from outside. The venue offers complimentary changing rooms for the host on their special day. De Grandeur Hotel Thane offers ample car parking space and valet parking service to its guests for their convenience. This venue is located very close to Holy Family High School in Thane West Mumbai. If your outstation guests are arriving at the venue via plane, De Grandeur Hotel and Banquet Mumbai is 33.8 km far from the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, which takes around 45 minutes to drive down to the destination, via NH 48 and Western Express Highway. The guests who are arriving at this place via train, Thane Railway Station which is around 9.3 km far from the venue, which is around 20 minutes' drive via Ghodbunder Road. De Grandeur Hotel and Banquets, Mumbai, Maharashtra has luxurious rooms for the guests which gives them a comfortable stay. The venue has a great ambiance that makes everyone feel welcomed.
Plan your forthcoming events at the De Grandeur Hotel and Banquets, Thane West, Mumbai to make them a grand success.
